DOC-5708 (#152)
couchbase/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

:idprefix:
:idseparator: -

Sync Gateway 2.7 introduces significant performance and resilience enhancements which provide Enterprise-customers with:

* Built-in High Availability of Import Processing
+
 Enterprise Customers can now designate multiple Sync Gateway nodes as _Import Processing_ nodes (to handle Couchbase Server writes)
This provides added resiliency. The workload of any lost node will be shared across the remaining Sync-gateway nodes.

* Linear Scaling of Import Processing
+

>  Enterprise Customers can also take advantage of this multi-node Sync-gateway feature to add linear-scaling capability. Adjusting the number of dedicated nodes to meet changing workload and throughput requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In addition to significant performance enhancements to per-node import throughput, Enterprise Customers can also take advantage of the multi-node import processing capability to linearly scale import throughput. Adjusting the number of dedicated nodes to meet changing workload and throughput requirements.
```

Author: Thanks @rajagp

* Enhanced Write Scaling
+

> Optimization of Json Document marshalling/unmarshalling and introducing configurable enhancements to revision caching mean Enterprise-customers can more efficiently handle the demands of large-scale concurrent writes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A series of read and write processing optimizations in the Sync Gateway that includes efficient handling of of Json document marshalling/unmarshalling means Enterprise-customers can see improvements in per-node write throughput during replication and can more efficiently handle the demands of large-scale concurrent writes.
```
